okay this is Tyler and this is his new
power train tracks right is that right
tire power train tracks okay why don't
you show the people how this thing works
okay first I use a switch which is does
the speaker's if I dress this one it's
going on yeah I'll show you the track
okay I'll stop the train and I come here
yeah I see the he's a swish if I turn it
there if you tell me different times
himself or this way huh huh huh okay
yeah I wanna show you something about
this good news I am caboose and it's a
red caboose and and I want to show you
something because the doors they will
open if you test it that way the door
opens and cross this one is um oh this
one is something this is a crane that
ice I don't really use it but I can I
use it and then it closes and opens okay
and then you can turn to it turns it
turns all the way around and then that's
one of the things I like about it I have
I have a cargo free cargo and I like it
because I can put things in it and it
opens
I put some Legos in it to make it retail
like it's carrying stuff in it oh cool
okay you're going to show us how it
works
all right okay
oh I want to show you guys something see
these two things if you put it this way
if you put it this way you're wrong if
you try putting it that way see if you
put it that way you're wrong but if you
put it the other way you're right
oh cool okay very helpful
okay Heimlich on ago that takes these
little cars and I said a few right over
there that way you guys might take these
cars under there but there really is no
crazy and here's this okay I'll turn it
on okay once you show it what about this
train over here man what's going on with
this one I'm gonna show it oh okay
here it will go faster it's gonna go in
the loop my Nana my dad bought me of all
steam Jesus about myself once
Oh the blue arrow bullet said that one's
it that means uh-oh
transport mm-hmm this is a Earle boy
okay Oh Express okay here this one goes
a little bit faster Nordisk entry
because if I turn the steam train off
and at the same time this one will catch
up if a getter is all those cuddles
still it's gonna catch up even though
that one carries this right
just switch it so that it won't go and
try to hit the other train in the loop
this is a courgette let's swap it around
you take a look
show us how it works dude okay see you
don't have to hold it all the time
because you can keep it locked right
there you can push it right there and go
just right back up and you built it so
that it's a death trap right right and
you my chickens I got from the spirit
yeah cool tunnels I like them is there
anything else we got to wrap it up do
the videos getting kind of long I just
want them to watch the train for a sec
okay okay yeah showing both going at the
same time we'll watch that for just a
minute
few minutes holy smokes dude with
YouTube fans are not liking this I'm
just kidding okay let's get it going
let's get the Train the bullets
cool dude whoa hey man how do you got
anything else you want to say yeah look
how fast it is that is amazing okay